Add contributors documentation (#5154)
k3s-io/k3s: docs/contrib/development.md

# Development Guide

> Since K3s is written in Go, it is fair to say that the Go tools are all one needs to contribute to this project. Unfortunately, there is a point where this statement no longer holds true when it is required to test or build locally our changes. This document elaborates on the required tooling for K3s development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since K3s is written in Go, it is fair to assume that the Go tools are all one needs to contribute to this project. Unfortunately, there is a point where this no longer holds true when required to test or build local changes. This document elaborates on the required tooling for K3s development.
```

## Installing Required Software

### Go

It is well known that K3s is written in [Go](http://golang.org). Please follow the [Go Getting Started guide](https://golang.org/doc/install) to install and set up the Go tools used to compile and run the test batteries.

**Note:** K3s uses the same Go version as the Kubernetes components underneath. The table below lists the required Go versions for supported the Kubernetes releases.

| Kubernetes     | requires Go |
|----------------|-------------|
| 1.19 - 1.20    | 1.15.5      |
| 1.21 - 1.22    | 1.16.7      |
| 1.23+          | 1.17        |

### Docker

K3s build and test processes development require Docker to run certain steps. [Follow the Docker website instructions to install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) in the development environment.

### Vagrant

As described in the [Testing documentation](../../tests/TESTING.md), all the smoke tests are run in virtual machines managed by Vagrant.  To install Vagrant in the development environment, [follow the instruction from the Hashicorp website](https://www.vagrantup.com/downloads), alongside any of the following hypervisors:

- [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/)

> - [libvrt](https://libvirt.org/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [libvirt](https://libvirt.org/) and the [vagrant-libvirt plugin](https://github.com/vagrant-libvirt/vagrant-libvirt#installation)
```
